ARMC5 or uArm not in Mbed OS 6 (#1290)
ARMmbed/Handbook: docs/program-setup/mbed_targets.md

### supported_toolchains

> The `supported_toolchains` property is the list of toolchains that support a target. The allowed values for `supported_toolchains` are `ARM`, `ARMC5`, `UARM`, `ARMC6`, `GCC_ARM` and `IAR`.

Reviewer: We should probably also mention `supported_c_libs` as it is also related to toolchain support.

Author: Is that related to the Bare Metal question I had?

Reviewer: Hmm I am not sure which question you mean.
`supported_c_libs` defines the C libraries that can be used for each `supported_toolchains`. When the bare metal profile is used, we recommend to use `small` C libraries if available for that toolchain. See Mbed 2 target porting guide for more details.

Author: The uArm question. To my understanding, from 6 we don't support uArm.

> <span class="notes">**Note**: Mbed OS 6 does not support Arm Compiler 5 or uARM.</span>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<span class="notes">**Note**: Support for the Arm Compiler 5 and the uARM toolchain were dropped from Mbed OS 6.</span>
```
Something thing like that for making the text future proof after Mbed OS 6.

Author: "from Mbed OS 6" at the end of a sentence sounds like "from location", not "from version".

> When using `ARM`, `ARMC5`, `ARMC6` for `supported_toolchains`, please note:

Reviewer: Should we not get rid of every mentions of `ARMC5` except to say it is no longer supported?

Author: I did that at first.  But if you look at the list of values, is it still there? That may confuse people.

Reviewer: Sorry which list of values? Which section (or line number)?

Author: The list of values that can go in supported_toolchains. Is there anywhere you can query that list to see all the values, and will that query return uArm and ARMC5?
